src/content/spec/about.md, before:

# About

Hello! I'm Lumi (@TheShadowEevee). I'm a cybersec/virtual reality/technology enthusiast with a
general interest in many technology-oriented topics and a passion for learning other areas as they
intrigue me.

I am at [Purdue University](https://purdue.edu) studying
[Cybersecurity](https://polytechnic.purdue.edu/degrees/cybersecurity) and
[Computing Infrastructure and Network Engineering Technology](https://polytechnic.purdue.edu/degrees/computing-infrastructure-and-network-engineering-technology),
with minors in Forensic Sciences and Law and Society. While I primarily work in these areas, I don't
let that restrict my skills; I continue to learn more across many fields, letting new experiences
and projects guide my learning outside class.

If you ever want to get in touch with me, feel free! I can be reached on
[Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/theshadoweevee.konpeki.solutions) or via email at
[theshadoweevee@shad.moe](mailto:theshadoweevee@shad.moe) OR
[theshadoweevee@konpeki.solutions](mailto:theshadoweevee@konpeki.solutions).

## What's up with the post URLs?

If you've looked at the address bar while reading one of my posts, you may have noticed a random
jumble of letters and numbers. This is actually a unique ID for the post!

Each of my posts is hosted on the AT Protocol. I talked about this in my post
[Welcome to the ATmosphere](https://shad.moe/posts/3lgbnigwdzk2r/) in more detail. The quick TL;DR
is that posts are stored very similarly to a post on [Bluesky](https://bsky.social), using the
[WhiteWind](https://whtwnd.com) Schema.

View the source code for this blog!

<details><summary>Credits</summary>

> ### Theme
>
> This site uses the [Fuwari](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari) theme (based on Astro)

> ### Post Storage
>
> Posts are stored and retrieved using the [AT Protocol](https://atproto.com/), using the
> [Whitewind](https://whtwnd.com/) schema.

> ### Libraries
>
> - [Astro](https://github.com/withastro/astro")

> ### Sources of images used in this site
>
> - [AxoBlu](https://bsky.app/profile/axoblu.konpeki.solutions)
> - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

</details>

<details><summary>Analytics Disclaimer</summary>

All data collected is non-identifiable. If you have specific questions about the below statements,
email [privacy@shad.moe](mailto:privacy@shad.moe).

### Cloudflare Analytics

This site uses
[Cloudflare DNS Analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/additional-options/analytics/).
Collected personal data is limited to the IP Address of the connecting device.

Cloudflare DNS Analytics is used to monitor number of visitors across `*.shad.moe`. Accessible data
includes:

- Query name
- Query type (same as DNS record type)
- Response code
- Responding Cloudflare Data center
- Source IP
- Destination IP
- Protocol
- IP version

</details>

Commit message:

Reconfigure Analytics to use Tianji

src/content/spec/about.md, after:

# About

Hello! I'm Lumi (@TheShadowEevee). I'm a cybersec/virtual reality/technology enthusiast with a
general interest in many technology-oriented topics and a passion for learning other areas as they
intrigue me.

I am at [Purdue University](https://purdue.edu) studying
[Cybersecurity](https://polytechnic.purdue.edu/degrees/cybersecurity) and
[Computing Infrastructure and Network Engineering Technology](https://polytechnic.purdue.edu/degrees/computing-infrastructure-and-network-engineering-technology),
with minors in Forensic Sciences and Law and Society. While I primarily work in these areas, I don't
let that restrict my skills; I continue to learn more across many fields, letting new experiences
and projects guide my learning outside class.

If you ever want to get in touch with me, feel free! I can be reached on
[Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/theshadoweevee.konpeki.solutions) or via email at
[theshadoweevee@shad.moe](mailto:theshadoweevee@shad.moe) OR
[theshadoweevee@konpeki.solutions](mailto:theshadoweevee@konpeki.solutions).

## What's up with the post URLs?

If you've looked at the address bar while reading one of my posts, you may have noticed a random
jumble of letters and numbers. This is actually a unique ID for the post!

Each of my posts is hosted on the AT Protocol. I talked about this in my post
[Welcome to the ATmosphere](https://shad.moe/posts/3lgbnigwdzk2r/) in more detail. The quick TL;DR
is that posts are stored very similarly to a post on [Bluesky](https://bsky.social), using the
[WhiteWind](https://whtwnd.com) Schema.

View the source code for this blog!

<details><summary>Credits</summary>

> ### Theme
>
> This site uses the [Fuwari](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari) theme (based on Astro)

> ### Post Storage
>
> Posts are stored and retrieved using the [AT Protocol](https://atproto.com/), using the
> [Whitewind](https://whtwnd.com/) schema.

> ### Libraries
>
> - [Astro](https://github.com/withastro/astro")

> ### Sources of images used in this site
>
> - [AxoBlu](https://bsky.app/profile/axoblu.konpeki.solutions)
> - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

</details>

<details><summary>Analytics Disclaimer</summary>

All data collected is non-identifiable. If you have specific questions about the below statements,
email [privacy@shad.moe](mailto:privacy@shad.moe).

### Tianji Analytics

This site uses [Tianji Analytics](https://tianji.dev/). No identifying data is stored. Analytics
are publically available on
[tianji.konpeki.solutions](https://tianji.konpeki.solutions/website/public/qeqxzq57g9x2e0oh9crrkcbh).

Tianji Analytics is used to monitor number of visitors, and popular posts on the blog. Accessible
data includes:

- Page/Path Visited
- Referrer
- Country of Origin
- Browser Type
- Device (Desktop, Mobile, etc.)
- Operating System (Listed as Windows, iOS, etc.)
- Visit Time

### Cloudflare Analytics

This site uses
[Cloudflare DNS Analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/additional-options/analytics/).
Collected personal data is limited to the IP Address of the connecting device.

Cloudflare DNS Analytics is used to monitor number of visitors across `*.shad.moe`. Accessible data
includes:

- Query name
- Query type (same as DNS record type)
- Response code
- Responding Cloudflare Data center
- Source IP
- Destination IP
- Protocol
- IP version

</details>
